bulbasaur: Bank-LC
ivysaur: Bank-NFE
venusaur: Bank
venusaurmega: Bank
charmander: Bank-LC
charmeleon: Bank-NFE
charizard: Bank
charizardmegax: Bank
charizardmegay: Bank
squirtle: Bank-LC
wartortle: Bank-NFE
blastoise: Bank
blastoisemega: Bank
caterpie: LC
metapod: NFE
butterfree: New
weedle: Bank-LC
kakuna: Bank-NFE
beedrill: Bank
beedrillmega: Unreleased
pidgey: Bank-LC
pidgeotto: Bank-NFE
pidgeot: Bank
pidgeotmega: Unreleased
rattata: Bank-LC
rattataalola: LC
raticate: Bank
raticatealola: New
spearow: LC
fearow: New
ekans: Bank-LC
arbok: Bank
pichu: LC
pichuspikyeared: Illegal
pikachu: NFE
pikachucosplay: Illegal
pikachurockstar: Illegal
pikachubelle: Illegal
pikachupopstar: Illegal
pikachuphd: Illegal
pikachulibre: Illegal
raichu: Bank
raichualola: New
sandshrew: Bank-LC
sandshrewalola: LC
sandslash: Bank
sandslashalola: New
nidoranf: Bank-LC
nidorina: Bank-NFE
nidoqueen: Bank
nidoranm: Bank-LC
nidorino: Bank-NFE
nidoking: Bank
cleffa: LC
clefairy: New
clefable: New
vulpix: Bank-LC
vulpixalola: LC
ninetales: Bank
ninetalesalola: New
igglybuff: LC
jigglypuff: NFE
wigglytuff: New
zubat: LC
golbat: New
crobat: New
oddish: Bank-LC
gloom: Bank-NFE
vileplume: Bank
bellossom: Bank
paras: LC
parasect: New
venonat: Bank-LC
venomoth: Bank
diglett: Bank-LC
diglettalola: LC
dugtrio: Bank
dugtrioalola: New
meowth: Bank-LC
meowthalola: LC
persian: Bank
persianalola: New
psyduck: LC
golduck: New
mankey: LC
primeape: New
growlithe: LC
arcanine: New
poliwag: LC
poliwhirl: NFE
poliwrath: New
politoed: New
abra: LC
kadabra: New
alakazam: New
alakazammega: New
machop: LC
machoke: New
machamp: New
bellsprout: LC
weepinbell: NFE
victreebel: New
tentacool: LC
tentacruel: New
geodude: Bank-LC
geodudealola: LC
graveler: Bank-NFE
graveleralola: NFE
golem: Bank
golemalola: New
ponyta: Bank-LC
rapidash: Bank
slowpoke: LC
slowbro: New
slowbromega: (OU)
slowking: New
magnemite: LC
magneton: New
magnezone: New
farfetchd: Bank
doduo: Bank-LC
dodrio: Bank
seel: Bank-LC
dewgong: Bank
grimer: Bank-LC
grimeralola: LC
muk: Bank
mukalola: New
shellder: LC
cloyster: New
gastly: LC
haunter: New
gengar: New
gengarmega: Uber
onix: Bank-LC
steelix: Bank
steelixmega: Unreleased
drowzee: LC
hypno: New
krabby: Bank-LC
kingler: Bank
voltorb: Bank-LC
electrode: Bank
exeggcute: LC
exeggutor: Bank
exeggutoralola: New
cubone: LC
marowak: Bank
marowakalola: New
tyrogue: Bank-LC
hitmonlee: Bank
hitmonchan: Bank
hitmontop: Bank
lickitung: Bank-LC
lickilicky: Bank
koffing: Bank-LC
weezing: Bank
rhyhorn: LC
rhydon: New
rhyperior: New
happiny: LC
chansey: New
blissey: New
tangela: Bank
tangrowth: Bank
kangaskhan: New
kangaskhanmega: Uber
horsea: LC
seadra: NFE
kingdra: New
goldeen: LC
seaking: New
staryu: LC
starmie: New
mimejr: Bank-LC
mrmime: Bank
scyther: New
scizor: New
scizormega: New
smoochum: Bank-LC
jynx: Bank
elekid: LC
electabuzz: NFE
electivire: New
magby: LC
magmar: NFE
magmortar: New
pinsir: New
pinsirmega: New
tauros: New
magikarp: LC
gyarados: New
gyaradosmega: New
lapras: New
ditto: New
eevee: LC
vaporeon: New
jolteon: New
flareon: New
espeon: New
umbreon: New
leafeon: New
glaceon: New
porygon: LC Uber
porygon2: New
porygonz: New
omanyte: Bank-LC
omastar: Bank
kabuto: Bank-LC
kabutops: Bank
aerodactyl: New
aerodactylmega: New
munchlax: LC
snorlax: New
articuno: Bank
zapdos: Bank
moltres: Bank
dratini: LC
dragonair: NFE
dragonite: New
mewtwo: Bank-Uber
mewtwomegax: Unreleased
mewtwomegay: Unreleased
mew: Bank
chikorita: LC
bayleef: NFE
meganium: New
cyndaquil: LC
quilava: NFE
typhlosion: New
totodile: LC
croconaw: NFE
feraligatr: New
sentret: Bank-LC
furret: Bank
hoothoot: Bank-LC
noctowl: Bank
ledyba: LC
ledian: New
spinarak: LC
ariados: New
chinchou: LC
lanturn: New
togepi: LC
togetic: New
togekiss: New
natu: Bank-LC
xatu: Bank
mareep: Bank-LC
flaaffy: Bank-NFE
ampharos: Bank
ampharosmega: Unreleased
azurill: Bank-LC
marill: NFE
azumarill: New
bonsly: LC
sudowoodo: New
hoppip: Bank-LC
skiploom: Bank-NFE
jumpluff: Bank
aipom: Bank-LC
ambipom: Bank
sunkern: Bank-LC
sunflora: Bank
yanma: Bank
yanmega: Bank
wooper: Bank-LC
quagsire: Bank
murkrow: LC Uber
honchkrow: New
misdreavus: LC Uber
mismagius: New
unown: Bank
wynaut: Bank-LC
wobbuffet: Bank
girafarig: Bank
pineco: Bank-LC
forretress: Bank
dunsparce: Bank
gligar: Bank
gliscor: Bank
snubbull: LC
granbull: New
qwilfish: Bank
shuckle: Bank
heracross: Bank
heracrossmega: Unreleased
sneasel: New
weavile: New
teddiursa: Bank-LC
ursaring: Bank
slugma: Bank-LC
magcargo: Bank
swinub: LC
piloswine: New
mamoswine: New
corsola: New
remoraid: Bank-LC
octillery: Bank
delibird: New
mantyke: Bank-LC
mantine: Bank
skarmory: New
houndour: Bank-LC
houndoom: Bank
houndoommega: Unreleased
phanpy: Bank-LC
donphan: Bank
stantler: Bank
smeargle: New
miltank: New
raikou: Bank
entei: Bank
suicune: Bank
larvitar: Bank-LC
pupitar: Bank-NFE
tyranitar: Bank
tyranitarmega: Unreleased
lugia: Bank-Uber
hooh: Bank-Uber
celebi: Bank
treecko: Bank-LC
grovyle: Bank-NFE
sceptile: Bank
sceptilemega: Unreleased
torchic: Bank-LC
combusken: Bank
blaziken: Bank-Uber
blazikenmega: Unreleased
mudkip: Bank-LC
marshtomp: Bank-NFE
swampert: Bank
swampertmega: Unreleased
poochyena: Bank-LC
mightyena: Bank
zigzagoon: Bank-LC
linoone: Bank
wurmple: Bank-LC
silcoon: Bank-NFE
beautifly: Bank
cascoon: Bank-NFE
dustox: Bank
lotad: Bank-LC
lombre: Bank-NFE
ludicolo: Bank
seedot: Bank-LC
nuzleaf: Bank-NFE
shiftry: Bank
taillow: Bank-LC
swellow: Bank
wingull: LC
pelipper: New
ralts: Bank-LC
kirlia: Bank-NFE
gardevoir: Bank
gardevoirmega: Unreleased
gallade: Bank
gallademega: Unreleased
surskit: LC
masquerain: New
shroomish: Bank-LC
breloom: Bank
slakoth: LC
vigoroth: New
slaking: New
nincada: Bank-LC
ninjask: Bank
shedinja: Bank
whismur: Bank-LC
loudred: Bank-NFE
exploud: Bank
makuhita: LC
hariyama: New
nosepass: LC
probopass: New
skitty: Bank-LC
delcatty: Bank
sableye: New
sableyemega: New
mawile: Bank
mawilemega: Unreleased
aron: Bank-LC
lairon: Bank-NFE
aggron: Bank
aggronmega: Unreleased
meditite: Bank
medicham: Bank
medichammega: Unreleased
electrike: Bank-LC
manectric: Bank
manectricmega: Unreleased
plusle: Bank
minun: Bank
volbeat: Bank
illumise: Bank
budew: LC
roselia: New
roserade: New
gulpin: Bank-LC
swalot: Bank
carvanha: LC
sharpedo: New
sharpedomega: New
wailmer: LC
wailord: New
numel: Bank-LC
camerupt: Bank
cameruptmega: Unreleased
torkoal: New
spoink: Bank-LC
grumpig: Bank
spinda: New
trapinch: LC
vibrava: NFE
flygon: New
cacnea: Bank-LC
cacturne: Bank
swablu: Bank-LC
altaria: Bank
altariamega: Unreleased
zangoose: Bank
seviper: Bank
lunatone: Bank
solrock: Bank
barboach: LC
whiscash: New
corphish: Bank-LC
crawdaunt: Bank
baltoy: Bank-LC
claydol: Bank
lileep: Bank-LC
cradily: Bank
anorith: Bank-LC
armaldo: Bank
feebas: LC
milotic: New
castform: New
castformsunny: Bank
shuppet: Bank-LC
banette: Bank
banettemega: Unreleased
duskull: Bank-LC
dusclops: Bank-NFE
dusknoir: Bank
tropius: Bank
chingling: Bank-LC
chimecho: Bank
absol: New
absolmega: New
snorunt: LC
glalie: New
glaliemega: New
froslass: New
spheal: LC
sealeo: NFE
walrein: New
clamperl: Bank-LC
huntail: Bank
gorebyss: Bank
relicanth: New
luvdisc: New
bagon: LC
shelgon: NFE
salamence: New
salamencemega: Uber
beldum: LC
metang: New
metagross: New
metagrossmega: New
regirock: Bank
regice: Bank
registeel: Bank
latias: Bank
latiasmega: Unreleased
latios: Bank
latiosmega: Unreleased
kyogre: Bank-Uber
kyogreprimal: Bank-Uber
groudonprimal: Bank-Uber
rayquazamega: AG
jirachi: Bank
deoxys: Bank-Uber
deoxysattack: Bank-Uber
deoxysdefense: Bank-Uber
deoxysspeed: Bank-Uber
turtwig: Bank-LC
grotle: Bank-NFE
torterra: Bank
chimchar: Bank-LC
monferno: Bank
infernape: Bank
piplup: Bank-LC
prinplup: Bank
empoleon: Bank
starly: LC
staravia: NFE
staraptor: New
bidoof: Bank-LC
bibarel: Bank
kricketot: Bank-LC
kricketune: Bank
shinx: LC
luxio: NFE
luxray: New
cranidos: LC
rampardos: New
shieldon: LC
bastiodon: New
burmy: Bank-LC
wormadam: Bank
wormadamsandy: Bank
wormadamtrash: Bank
mothim: Bank
combee: Bank-LC
vespiquen: Bank
pachirisu: Bank
buizel: Bank-LC
floatzel: Bank
cherubi: Bank-LC
cherrim: Bank
cherrimsunshine: LC
gastrodon: New
drifloon: LC Uber
drifblim: New
buneary: Bank-LC
lopunny: Bank
lopunnymega: Unreleased
glameow: Bank-LC
purugly: Bank
stunky: Bank-LC
skuntank: Bank
bronzor: Bank-LC
bronzong: Bank
chatot: Bank
spiritomb: Bank
gible: LC
gabite: New
garchomp: New
garchompmega: (OU)
riolu: LC
lucario: New
lucariomega: Uber
hippopotas: Bank-LC
hippowdon: Bank
skorupi: Bank-LC
drapion: Bank
croagunk: Bank-LC
toxicroak: Bank
carnivine: Bank
finneon: LC
lumineon: New
snover: Bank-LC
abomasnow: Bank
abomasnowmega: Unreleased
rotom: Bank
rotomheat: Bank
rotomwash: Bank
rotomfrost: Bank
rotomfan: Bank
rotommow: Bank
uxie: Bank
mesprit: Bank
azelf: Bank
dialga: Bank-Uber
palkia: Bank-Uber
heatran: Bank
regigigas: Bank
giratina: Bank-Uber
giratinaorigin: Bank-Uber
cresselia: Bank
phione: Bank
manaphy: Bank
darkrai: Bank-Uber
shaymin: Bank
shayminsky: Bank-Uber
arceus: Bank-Uber
arceusbug: Bank
snivy: LC
servine: NFE
serperior: New
tepig: LC
pignite: NFE
emboar: New
oshawott: LC
dewott: NFE
samurott: New
patrat: Bank-LC
watchog: Bank
lillipup: LC
herdier: NFE
stoutland: New
purrloin: Bank-LC
liepard: Bank
pansage: Bank-LC
simisage: Bank
pansear: Bank-LC
simisear: Bank
panpour: Bank-LC
simipour: Bank
munna: Bank-LC
musharna: Bank
pidove: Bank-LC
tranquill: Bank-NFE
unfezant: Bank
blitzle: Bank-LC
zebstrika: Bank
roggenrola: LC
boldore: NFE
gigalith: New
woobat: Bank-LC
swoobat: Bank
drilbur: Bank-LC
excadrill: Bank
audino: Bank
audinomega: Unreleased
timburr: LC
gurdurr: New
conkeldurr: New
tympole: Bank-LC
palpitoad: Bank-NFE
seismitoad: Bank
throh: Bank
sawk: Bank
sewaddle: LC
swadloon: NFE
leavanny: New
venipede: LC
whirlipede: NFE
scolipede: New
cottonee: LC
whimsicott: New
petilil: LC
lilligant: New
basculin: Bank
basculinbluestriped: Bank
sandile: LC
krokorok: NFE
krookodile: New
darumaka: Bank-LC
darmanitan: Bank
darmanitanzen: Bank
dwebble: Bank-LC
crustle: Bank
scraggy: Bank-LC
scrafty: Bank
sigilyph: Bank
yamask: Bank-LC
cofagrigus: Bank
tirtouga: LC
carracosta: New
archen: LC
archeops: New
trubbish: LC
garbodor: New
zorua: Bank-LC
zoroark: Bank
minccino: Bank-LC
cinccino: Bank
gothita: LC
gothorita: NFE
gothitelle: New
solosis: LC
duosion: NFE
reuniclus: New
ducklett: Bank-LC
swanna: Bank
vanillite: LC
vanillish: NFE
vanilluxe: New
deerling: Bank-LC
sawsbuck: Bank
emolga: New
karrablast: Bank-LC
escavalier: Bank
foongus: Bank-LC
amoonguss: Bank
frillish: Bank-LC
jellicent: Bank
alomomola: New
joltik: Bank-LC
galvantula: Bank
ferroseed: Bank
ferrothorn: Bank
klink: LC
klang: NFE
klinklang: New
tynamo: LC
eelektrik: NFE
eelektross: New
elgyem: Bank-LC
beheeyem: Bank
litwick: LC
lampent: NFE
chandelure: New
axew: LC
fraxure: NFE
haxorus: New
cubchoo: Bank-LC
beartic: Bank
cryogonal: Bank
shelmet: Bank-LC
accelgor: Bank
stunfisk: Bank
mienfoo: Bank-LC
mienshao: Bank
druddigon: Bank
golett: Bank-LC
golurk: Bank
pawniard: Bank
bisharp: Bank
bouffalant: Bank
rufflet: LC
braviary: New
vullaby: New
mandibuzz: New
heatmor: Bank
durant: Bank
deino: LC
zweilous: NFE
hydreigon: New
larvesta: Bank-LC
volcarona: Bank
cobalion: Bank
terrakion: Bank
virizion: Bank
tornadus: Bank
tornadustherian: Bank
thundurus: Bank
thundurustherian: Bank
reshiram: Bank-Uber
zekrom: Bank-Uber
landorus: Bank-Uber
landorustherian: Bank
kyurem: Bank
kyuremblack: Bank
kyuremwhite: Bank-Uber
keldeo: Bank
keldeoresolute: Bank
meloettapirouette: Bank
genesectburn: Bank-LC
quilladin: Bank-NFE
chesnaught: Bank
fennekin: Bank-LC
braixen: Bank-NFE
delphox: Bank
froakie: LC
frogadier: NFE
greninja: New
greninjaash: New
bunnelby: Bank-LC
diggersby: Bank
fletchling: LC
fletchinder: New
talonflame: New
scatterbug: Bank-LC
spewpa: Bank-NFE
vivillon: Bank
vivillonfancy: Bank-LC
pyroar: Bank
flabebe: Bank-LC
floette: Bank-NFE
floetteeternal: Unreleased
florges: Bank
skiddo: Bank-LC
gogoat: Bank
pancham: LC
pangoro: New
furfrou: Bank
espurr: Bank-LC
meowstic: Bank
meowsticf: Bank
honedge: LC
doublade: New
aegislash: Uber
aegislashblade: Bank-LC
aromatisse: Bank
swirlix: Bank
slurpuff: Bank
inkay: Bank-LC
malamar: Bank
binacle: Bank-LC
barbaracle: Bank
skrelp: Bank-LC
dragalge: Bank
clauncher: Bank-LC
clawitzer: Bank
helioptile: Bank-LC
heliolisk: Bank
tyrunt: Bank-LC
tyrantrum: Bank
amaura: Bank-LC
aurorus: Bank
sylveon: New
hawlucha: Bank
dedenne: Bank
carbink: New
goomy: LC
sliggoo: NFE
goodra: New
klefki: New
phantump: LC
trevenant: New
pumpkaboo: Bank-LC
pumpkaboosmall: Bank-LC
pumpkaboolarge: Bank-LC
pumpkaboosuper: Bank-LC
gourgeist: Bank
gourgeistsmall: Bank
gourgeistlarge: Bank
gourgeistsuper: Bank
bergmite: Bank-LC
avalugg: Bank
noibat: Bank-LC
noivern: Bank
xerneas: Bank-Uber
yveltal: Bank-Uber
zygarde: New
zygarde10: New
zygardecomplete: Bank
dianciemega: Unreleased
hoopa: Bank
hoopaunbound: Bank
volcanion: Bank
rowlet: LC
dartrix: NFE
decidueye: New
litten: LC
torracat: NFE
incineroar: New
popplio: LC
brionne: NFE
primarina: New
pikipek: LC
trumbeak: NFE
toucannon: New
yungoos: LC
gumshoos: New
grubbin: LC
charjabug: NFE
vikavolt: New
crabrawler: LC
crabominable: New
oricorio: New
oricoriopompom: New
oricoriopau: New
oricoriosensu: New
cutiefly: LC
ribombee: New
rockruff: LC
lycanroc: New
lycanrocmidnight: New
wishiwashi: New
wishiwashischool: LC
toxapex: New
mudbray: LC
mudsdale: New
dewpider: LC
araquanid: New
fomantis: LC
lurantis: New
morelull: LC
shiinotic: New
salandit: LC
salazzle: New
stufful: LC
bewear: New
bounsweet: LC
steenee: NFE
tsareena: New
comfey: New
oranguru: New
passimian: New
wimpod: LC
golisopod: New
sandygast: LC
palossand: New
pyukumuku: New
typenull: NFE
silvally: New
silvallybug: New
silvallydark: New
silvallydragon: New
silvallyelectric: New
silvallyfairy: New
silvallyfighting: New
silvallyfire: New
silvallyflying: New
silvallyghost: New
silvallygrass: New
silvallyground: New
silvallyice: New
silvallypoison: New
silvallypsychic: New
silvallyrock: New
silvallysteel: New
silvallywater: New
minior: New
miniormeteor: New
turtonator: New
togedemaru: New
mimikyu: New
mimikyubusted: New
drampa: New
dhelmise: New
jangmoo: LC
hakamoo: NFE
kommoo: New
tapukoko: New
tapulele: New
tapubulu: New
tapufini: New
cosmog: LC
cosmoem: NFE
solgaleo: Uber
lunala: Uber
nihilego: New
buzzwole: New
pheromosa: New
xurkitree: New
celesteela: New
kartana: New
guzzlord: New
necrozma: New
magearna: New
marshadow: Unreleased
missingno: Illegal
tomohawk: CAP
necturna: CAP
mollux: CAP
aurumoth: CAP
malaconda: CAP
cawmodore: CAP
volkraken: CAP
plasmanta: CAP
naviathan: CAP
crucibelle: CAP
crucibellemega: CAP
kerfluffle: CAP
syclant: CAP
revenankh: CAP
pyroak: CAP
fidgit: CAP
stratagem: CAP
arghonaut: CAP
kitsunoh: CAP
cyclohm: CAP
colossoil: CAP
krilowatt: CAP
voodoom: CAP
